so it's finally here it's the last
episode of my a to z trend guide we've
been talking about all the hottest
spring summer 2013 trends from A to Z
every Tuesday and Thursday I've brought
you a new trend we've gone through the
entire alphabet and now or on c z is for
zest now zest is basically all those
citrus colors so think lemon lime orange
anything you'd peel and use to burnish a
cocktail in the summer it's really a
vibrant and it can be paired together so
what I did is I started with this bold
lemon dress it's um leather actually
from Armani Exchange I wore it back in
spring but for summer I wanted to make
it extra colorful so I paired it with a
different zest orange did a little
orange on my ring a little bit we're in
John my lips too and some orange sandal
so another way to do the zest trend is
just wearing one color and accessing it
with black for night so I chose this
lime maxi dress from victoria secret
it's the perfect summer staple I love a
sleeveless shirt dress to dress it up I
just did a gold belt and then some gold
jewelry then if it gets a little cool
which sometimes it can summer nights I
have this leather jacket that i got from
victoria secret as well and it's great
for summer nights if you want to you can
either drape it over your shoulder or if
it's a lot cooler just put it on black
leather jackets I know it sounds more of
a winter trend but it's great over
summer colors it just adds that extra
edge factor and hey summer nights can
get kind of cool well there you have it
we have gone through all the hottest
spring summer 2013 trends from a is for
aquatic to z is for zest I've had so
much fun doing this series with you guys
your feedback has been amazing I love
seeing your photos I hope you like the
series too if you haven't seen all the
episodes you can subscribe to my youtube
channel Sydne summer just click that
subscription link and see on the past
episodes a is for aquatic to use for
Todd's L is for laced everything up to z
is for zest and share with me photos
that you know you were inspired by these
zesty colors whether it's lemon lime
orange maybe it's a cocktail that got
you inspired I want to see it all my
Twitter and Instagram handle is at Sid
may summer and we've been using the
hashtag SS trend guide so again guys I
love hearing your comments let me know
what you think of the series and what
you'd want to see for fall because we'll
definitely be doing this again went fall
winter rolls around
you